Kikimora: The Day of Unity approaches, where we'll celebrate the purification of magic under the coven system, just as the Titan intended. As heads of the nine covens, we celebrate your efforts to complete this plan. For this, you have earned a glimpse of the reward that awaits.
Emperor Belos: Step forward.
Emperor Belos: The larger your covens grow, the more power we have to unite our realms, where the worthy shall inherit a utopia free of wild magic.
Golden Guard: No. Stay here. I can handle this alone.
Emperor Belos: I need more. 
Golden Guard: That was the last from our reserves. The palistrom wood has been overharvested.
Golden Guard: Uncle, let me help! We can make more palismen! Actually, I read about this technique: harnessing wild magic to—
Golden Guard: Uh...sorry.
Emperor Belos: Please, be careful. Our family is gone because of wild magic. I can't let the same happen to you.
Emporer Belos: Find me more palismen. I can depend on you, right?
Luz: Oh, little echo mouse. You ate the diary that can get me home. Can't you cough up a teeny bit?
King: Just squeeze it out! 
Luz: Hmm. Maybe I just need to be patient? Please tell me your secrets.
Eda: Hey, knucklehead. You're gonna be late for school.
Eda: Alright. I guess you won't be getting a magic staff with your classmates.
Luz: Come on, Eda. We gotta fly!
Eda: There we go.
Luz: Hey, Willow. Shouldn't Amity be here?
Willow: Oh, sorry, Luz. I heard she stayed home today.
Luz: Oh. That actually makes sense. 
Principal Bump: Good tidings on this momentous day. You're all about to receive your witches' staffs and, more importantly, meet your palisman. This is a crucial step in your magical development. Palismen are lifelong partners. They can be both your good friends and a powerful tool. In my case...
Luz: Holy Titan!
Principal Bump: ...Frewin here, helps me see.
Eda: Now, traditionally, young witches carve their staffs from the branch of an old palistrom tree.
Principal Bump: But sadly, palistrom trees are becoming more rare. And those that remain are guarded covetously.
Eda: That's why I've teamed up with Bumpipoo...
Principal Bump: Never call me that.
Eda: ...to bring you...
Bat Queen: Palisman adoption day!
Luz: They're so cute!
Eda: Thanks for the favor, BQ. Here's your whistle back.
Bat Queen: Save it for another time. This was my pleasure. What a wonderful idea.
Principal Bump: Nope! You're staying right here.
Luz: Aw. Little rascal!
Bat Queen: These little ones have not had homes in many years. They want to feel a connection. Kneel and state your deepest wish, and your like-minded partner will find you.
Boscha: Ugh. I want my own palisman, not some trashy hand-me-down.
Willow: Your loss! I want to be strong and wise to protect everyone I love. And if anyone gets in my way, they'll feel the sting of defeat.
Bat Queen: Tender yet tenacious. Clover gives her support.
Willow: Oh! Oh, my gosh! I'm gonna take such good care of you.
Gus: Beautiful. Just beautiful.
Boscha: Outta my way! I want to play professional grudgby!
Bat Queen: A competitive spirit. Maya will be thrilled.
Boscha: Okay. This is pretty cool.
Viney: I want to open my own veterinary clinic for mythical pets.
Viney: All right!
Gus: Dad wants me to become a master illusionist, but that's easy. So instead, I'll become an ambassador to the Human Realm and re-establish contact with the giraffes!
Pufferfish Guy: I just want to make it to graduation.
Pufferfish Guy: Yes!
The Class: Oh wow!
Luz: I want to be a witch! Uh... probably just takes a little longer 'cause I'm a human, right?
Bat Queen: Palismen bond through emotion. I do not sense any conviction from you.
Luz: That's impossible. I'm Luz, I'm chock full of conviction!
Principal Bump: Perhaps specificity would help. There are many kinds of witches. What do you hope to accomplish with your magic?
Luz: Oh, uh... get home to my mom?
Gus: Would you still train to be a witch in the Human Realm?
Boscha: Can you even do magic there?
Luz: Huh, I guess I never thought that far ahead.
Eda: You okay, Luz?
Luz: I stayed here because I wanted to learn magic, right? I wanted to be a witch like Eda and Azura. But what does that even mean? And I read stories like this. The main character always has to return home, and what? Did I expect to be a witch back in Connecticut? Mmm. Yeah, I wouldn't want to be my palisman either.
Luz: It's you! Did you come here for me?
Luz: No. Of course not. Come on, little dude. I'll take you back to your nest.
Luz: How are we supposed to get through this?
Luz: Ooh, palismen powers. Neat!
Luz: Aw. All right. I'm not leaving here until I figure out what my future is, and one of you becomes my palismen! What if... I use my powers to become a popular magician back in the Human Realm? No, I'm horrible at card tricks. What if... I stay on the Boiling Isles, and become a rugged bounty hunter? Nah, I'm too lovable. Oh! If I go back...
Luz: What if... I open a magic pet shop, but it's password protected. The password is, "You're a little angel."
Luz: Hey, we're a little busy in... here?
Luz: I think we're being kidnapped!
Luz: Don't worry. I'll figure this out.
Luz: Ugh, him again.
Luz: Hi-yah!
Golden Guard: Huh? 
Luz: He'll be fine. Okay, how do I land this thing? Huh.
Golden Guard: Oh, you just pull that cord above your head.
Luz: Thank y—eh?!
Golden Guard: Hi.
Luz: Wha—Hey!
Golden Guard: Good to see you too, human.
Luz: Why are you stealing palismen, Golden Guard?
Golden Guard: Frankly, You should be more concerned about yourself. For the crime of rocketing me off my own ship, you'll be locked in the dingiest cell in the Conformatorium, for the rest of your sad little life.
Luz: Whatever. I broke out of there like, twice.
Golden Guard: Then we'll just zap you to dust and throw you into the sea. That better?
Golden Guard: Good.
Luz: Say, how did you get back on the ship so fast?
Golden Guard: Staff.
Luz: Cool.
Golden Guard: No!
Golden Guard: Human, it'll take more than that to thwart my mission.
Luz: What is that?
Luz: Huh? Little rascal?
Luz: Oh, thank you. My head!
Guard Captain: Kikimora, ma'am.
Guard Captain: We found the palismen. They seem rattled but unharmed.
Kikimora: Very good, Captain. Return to the city and prepare them for travel.
Guard Captain: Is it true, ma'am? Is the Golden Guard really...
Kikimora: This is all that remains.
Kikimora: Such a horrible accident. Probably caused by the incompetent pilot.
Guard Captain: I'll... alert the castle. Scouts! To Latissa!
Kikimora: Excellent work, my pet.
Kikimora: Now, find the rest of him and have yourself a nice little snack.
Kikimora: I'll call for you soon.
Luz: Don't worry. I won't leave him.
Luz: This is the Golden Guard?
Luz: It looks like he could be a student at Hexside.
Luz: Wake up!
Golden Guard: Wha—you!
Luz: Shh! Listen. You are a bad person, and I do not like you. But Kikimora is trying to kill you and unfortunately, I'm too nice to let that happen!
Luz: Ugh, are you licking my hand?! I'm trying to help you!
Golden Guard: Why should I believe you? 
Luz: Because... 
Luz: Whew, man, Kikimora must hate you. Whoa! I haven't been outside Bonesborough that much, Latissa is so cool! Wait! Where are you going? Hey man, I just saved your life, the least you could do is tell me your name.
Golden Guard: Scouts! Direct me to your communications room. I need to contact the castle immediately.
Coven Scout #1: Cute. I didn't know kids your age were still into temporary tattoos.
Coven Scout #2: Yeah, show us your badge number.
Golden Guard: I am your superior, and I can prove it! Staff.
Luz: Hmm?
Coven Scout #2: Isn't it a little late for you kids to be outside?
Coven Scout #1: Yeah, go home before we call your parents.
Luz: Uh, excuse me. Sorry.
Luz: Sorry.
Luz: Ice glyph!
Luz: Come on, Golden Guard. Don't you know any, like, levitation spells?
Luz: Are you powerless without this?
Luz: Back up, or—or else!
Golden Guard: Or else what? Gonna blast me to bits? Nah, you're too nice for that. Fly away? Uh-uh, you know you can't do that either. 'Cause then you'll be leaving behind your precious palismen. You don't tend to think things through, do you, human?
Golden Guard: So Kikimora was after my catch.
Luz: Seems like neither of us want her to win right now. So, let's work together to take back those palismen.
Golden Guard: Then what? You think I'll just let you walk away with them?
Luz: Maybe you won't have a choice! I'm more formidable than you think. 
Golden Guard: I doubt that, but fine. A truce till then.
Luz: Truce!
Luz: Too slow. 
Golden Guard: Let's just get this over with...
Golden Guard: Huh, I've never seen magic like this. What will it do?
Luz: Well, we don't want to spook Kikimora's steed, because it might drop the nest and hurt the palismen! So, using these fire and ice spells, I can command the glyphs to produce a thick mist!
Golden Guard: And the sleeping nettles?
Luz: They're essential! Combined with the magic mist, it'll create—
Golden Guard: A sleep-inducing smoke, forcing Kikimora to land.
Golden Guard: Oh, um, I—I-I read a similar spell in Bones to Earth—
Luz: —A Study of Wild Magic! Eda once pickpocketed the guy who wrote it.
Golden Guard: I've never seen glyphs before, but, it seems very similar to the elemental magic practiced in the Savage Ages.
Luz: Really?
Golden Guard: Actually, not many people know this, but... No. No, no, no, no. This stuff is restricted for a reason. You should forget about it before you're hurt.
Luz: Uh huh... Other than Lilith, I've never spoken to someone inside the Emperor's Coven. What made you want to join?
Golden Guard: You were right before. I'm a powerless witch. A lot of my ancestors were. I never thought I'd have a future in a world like this. But then, Belos found me and gave me a staff with artificial magic. He said the Titan had big plans for me.
Luz: At least you have your future figured out now.
Golden Guard: At least you can figure out your own.
Golden Guard: Hey! Stop, get away from me!
Luz: He's just being friendly.
Golden Guard: I don't care! These things are made from wild magic. It's dangerous.
Luz: And does he look dangerous to you?
Luz: Masks on.
Luz: Once they're surrounded by the smoke, we'll need to stay close to see where they land.
Golden Guard: Are you sure?
Luz: Just take it!
Golden Guard: I think it's working.
Kikimora: Stop!
Luz: The palismen!
Luz: Hello, babies. Aw, you guys must be so cold and scared. Here, make sure you share. Now, stay in here, okay? We'll get you home safe and—
Luz: Right, I didn't think this through. Again.
Luz: So you're really gonna do this? You're just gonna hand all these innocent little guys over to Belos? I know what he does with them. I thought you might've been a good guy. But I guess that was just wishful thinking. You're not my friend. You're just the Golden Guard.
Golden Guard: My name is Hunter.
Kikimora: I can't tell who's there, but I know I've got you! 
Kikimora: This is treason against a Coven official!
Kikimora: I will have your head!
Luz: Hey... ...good thingy. The Boiling Isles will never stop surprising me.
Principal Bump: Good morning, Bat Queen. The palismen are all accounted for. Although, I don't know where that thing came from...
Bat Queen: You found someone after all this time? Go then.
Luz: Everyone got one except me, huh? Maybe I wasn't meant to be here. Eda!
Eda: I'd thought I'd find you here.
King: We could've used the door!
Luz: What did you get into?
Luz: Whew. Uh, how... thoughtful?
Eda: It's palistrom wood, ya ding-dong!
King: Now you can make your own palismen!
Luz: But—But how? Isn't this super rare?
Eda: Let's just say that the Bonesborough Garden Club—
King: Was robbed! By us!
Luz: I don't know what to say...
Eda: No pressure, but whenever you know what you want, we'll start carving.
Luz: If it's okay, I'd like some time to think. It's hard to picture my future without seeing my mom.
Eda: Eh, there's no rush. Just know that whatever you need from us, we gotcha.
Luz: Thanks.
Emperor Belos: So, you return with nothing. Is this the thanks I get for taking you in?
Hunter: Of course not. I want to help. A-A-And if you told me how wild magic did this to you, I might be able to find a—
Hunter: My apologies. I spoke out of turn. It won't happen again.
Emperor Belos: These outbursts are painful and so is watching you fail. I know you can do better, Hunter.
Kikimora: Golden Guard? Y-You're alive! I mean, I heard about the crash in Latissa.
Hunter: Luckily, some travelers picked me up out of the wreckage. So I'm actually doing great. Looks like you had a rough night though. 
Hunter: I can help, if I just knew a little more...
Hunter: Palisman! 
Hunter: Oh! Sorry. You shouldn't be here. It'd be bad if Belos saw you.
Hunter: Oh! I was not expecting that.
