King: Eh?
The Collector: Almost free, almost free!
King: Luz? Hooty? Woah, woah! Is someone there?
The Collector: I won't be alone, I won't be alone anymore! 
King: Hello, hello?
The Collector: Who said that? Who's there?
King: What...?
The Collector: Wait! Wait, wait, wait! Don't leave! Come back!--
Luz: Hey, sleepyhead. We're back in Bonesborough.
Luz: Hmmm. "Mom took Pensta, but we're safe. We'll contact." Aww, she sent so many hearts! Hope she's doing okay.
King: Is that Amity? It's okay if you wanna check on her. I can get to the Owl House on my own.
King (flashback): I think they might be my family! Maybe they're an answer to all our problems!
Bill (flashback): If you think Belos is evil, you've never seen a live Titan.
Luz (flashback): King, you're not one of them.
King (flashback): Then what am I?!
Luz (flashback): You're a Titan, King. You're the son of the Boiling Isles. 
Hooty: Hey, look! Everyone missed us so much they put up pretty signs!
Luz: Let's take the long way home.
Coven Scout #1: Without that bird-tube, this place was wide open! 
Coven Scout #2: I still haven't recovered from that tea party. 
King: Do you think they were arrested?
Luz: No, they're hiding out on the Knee!
Lilith: Using my old keys, we'll travel through the service tunnels. From there, we initiate the security system and everyone including Belos will be trapped inside the castle. Boom! Day of Unity stopped!
Eda: You don't think they changed the locks after you got booted from the Coven?
Lilith: Well, at least I'm coming up with ideas.
Eda: Hey! I come up with some great ideas! 
Lilith: Putting snorse glue in the Emperor's shampoo bottle isn't going to save anyone's life!
Lilith: This is just like you. You never take things seriously! At least Luz and King are far away from here.
Eda: Someone's tripped the booby trap.
Hooty: Hey, Lulu!
Luz: Hiiiiii.
Luz: It took awhile to figure out which town you're in from your map. I had to keep off the streets with all those wanted posters, but that's when we saw your Hex Mix trail and well, you know the rest!
Eda: What map are you talking about?
Luz: The one you left us, obviously.
Eda: Oh! The one we left them!
Lilith: Well, someone had to bury our bones!
Hooty: Lulu! I got you a shirt!
Lilith: I was sacrificed to the Grand Huntsman?
Eda: What the-?
Luz: So... turns out King's letter was sent by a bunch of Titan Trappers. And they may have tried to sacrifice King to the Collector, who they worship.
Eda: Oh, so you found of a commune of bloodthirsty fanatics in a place that was supposed to be empty!
Lilith: Well, they couldn't have been that scary without any Titans to trap!
Luz: Actually... 
King: Mhm..
Luz: King... is a Titan.
King: Looks like I'm... due for a growth spurt soon... heh, heh.
Eda: I can't believe that little guy is gonna turn into that big guy.
Luz: Certainly explains his strange new powers. He's just dealing with so much. I wish there was a way we could give him some comfort.
Lilith: I can't believe this! All this time you've had a Titan under your roof! I've eaten ice cream with a god!
Luz: Just because he has tall genes doesn't mean he's a god.
Eda: And he falls into the toilet like once a day.
Lilith: Perhaps he's still too young. His powers haven't... awakened yet. But who knows how he can help us against Belos!
Eda: Don't worry Luz, we're not putting him in danger. He's a Clawthorne and technically your nephew, remember, dear sister?
Lilith: Right, of course. I'm a god's aunt! But is he a gentle god or an angry god?
Luz: So? Fill me in! How are we gonna defeat Belos and his draining spell?
Eda: Uh, right. Well... it's a secret!
Eda: Just for now. I'll fill you in closer to go time!
Luz: Ah, so if I'm captured I can't give anything away! Smart thinkin', Owl Lady!
King: There! All done! Nice to meet you Fran-snow...ois. 
Luz: Aw, King, let me help with that.
Lilith: What are you doing?! Tell her!
Eda: Tell her what? That we have no plan? That Belos is gonna win? That the Boiling Isles are doomed? The kids deserve one nice day before they realize how dire things are.
Lilith: And King deserves our praise! 
Eda: Alright, kids! The uh... plan isn't gonna be ready till tomorrow, but if you could do anything if you could do anything in the world today, what would it be?
King: Thanks, Eda, but I just want things to be normal right now.
Luz: Well, I wanna go on a heist!
Eda: Of course you do.
Lilith: King of... um, Titans, would you... like some tea?
King: Uh, no thanks. I'm... I'm good.
Lilith: Of course! Titans don't care for such lowly pleasures. Perhaps I could offer you dark deeds carried out in your name.
King: Uh, no. Listen, it's okay. I just uh need some alone time. Your Titan... commands it?
Luz: I saw scouts taking boxes from the house. They're probably holding everything at the Bonesborough Precinct, Francois included.
Eda: Are you sure you wanna do this for a stuffed toy? Wouldn't you rather, oh I don't know, have a beach day?
Luz: Maybe if we had time for 20 more adventures, but we don't. Besides, this is for King! He needs his buddy.
Coven Scout #1: Ugh, I hate double-shifts. Can't wait for the day after the Day of Unity. Know what I mean?
Coven Scout #2: Sure, but, I'm racking up OT like crazy!
Luz: There, look! Francois! Let's pounce!
Eda: Hold up! If we're gonna do this we gotta do it right. Belos isn't taking any more chances with us after your little trip into his mind. If we wanna stay alive we have to be inconspicuous.
Eda (disguised): Take me to my... I mean the Owl Lady's confiscated junk!
Luz (disguised): Nice save.
Steve: Lose your way, little guy?
King: Actually I got where I was going but now I, uh... eh? Hey, I know you! You're Steve from Lilith's party! Shouldn't you be like kissing the Emperor's butt right now?
Steve: Probably. Heck, growing up, all I wanted was to be an Emperor's Coven Scout, to be considered one of the best. I got what I wanted, but it's not what I thought it was.
King: I hear that.
Steve: Belos is supposed to know everything, but why should he know what the Titan wants? Maybe the Titan doesn't even know what he wants? Maybe he's just some normal guy, you know? Anyway, you going somewhere, cause I've got a sidecar and nothing but time!
King: I point, you drive.
Lilith: Did I insult him by groveling too much? Did I not grovel enough?
Hooty: Maybe he wants to be treated like, I don't know, normal?
Lilith: Nonsense! He's a Titan, for Titan's sake! Oh, Titan, I just took his name in vain. Ah! I did it again!
Hooty: Uh, Lulu, I think we have a bigger problem.
Luz (disguised): I would have appreciated some kind of reaction. These were hard to get.
Eda (disguised): Hey you, fellow guard! We just found a lot of illegal Hexes Hold'em cards. Can we get the key to the warehouse?
Eda (disguised): Why's everything going our way now?
Luz (disguised): Maybe our luck's finally turning!
Eda: Woo, boy, we're gonna need to split up if we want to find Francois.
Eda: If things get hairy, you fly out of here as fast as you can. Hey! Don't give me that face, just say okay, okay?
Luz: Okay.
Eda: Oh, and if you find a box labelled, "Eda's Longest Toenails", grab that, too.
Luz: Ew.
Guard Captain: We secured the Owl Lady's house that's correct, Head Witch. No, there was no sign of her.
Raine: Just keep looking until you find her and only come to me when you do.
Eda: Raine.
Guard Captain: Head Witch, I'll do all I can to find the Owl Lady. You have my word.
Raine: Your word doesn't count much without results. Just go.
Raine: Captain, I thought I told you to-- Eda?
Eda: Please, just give me a minute. I'm not trying to stir trouble.
Raine: You're wearing a stolen uniform.
Eda: And I am working it! Listen, I don't know what you're hiding, but I do know that somewhere deep inside you still care about me, otherwise you wouldn't let me walk free at the Coven Parade. Raine, I know about the Day of Unity and the Draining Spell.
Eda: Nope, I-I saw that expression! It is that bad, isn't it? That's why I... I need your help.
Raine: There's no time for your schemes, Eda. 
Eda: Wait! This is for my kids. They can't be around during the Day of Unity. Put them in a castle, bunker, get them on an airship, I don't care, just, just, keep them safe! If you do, I'll give myself up right now.
Raine: I- 
Terra: Come along, sprout. Places to be, hedges to trim!
Eda (disguised): Awaiting further instructions, Head Witch.
Raine: Stay put. I'll send someone to receive the package.
Terra: Your uniform looks outdated, captain. Looking like a pile of compost.
Luz: Eda? Are you sending me away?
Luz: You're... you're sending me away? But I can help! Why don't you get that yet?!
Luz: CALL RAINE BACK! TELL THEM THERE'S NO PACKAGE TO RECEIVE! I'M NOT GOING ANYWHERE UNTIL BELOS IS DEFEATED!
Eda: No.
Luz: After everything we've been through, I can't believe you're still underestimating me. Fine. Let's just get back to King.
Harpy Eda: You're going with Raine. They'll keep you safe!
Luz: You can't make me. 
Harpy Eda: Yes, I can.
Harpy Eda: Owlbert! 
Harpy Eda: Luz, please!
Harpy Eda: Raine will be here soon. I'll have King join you afterwards.
Luz: But I can help with your plan!
Harpy Eda: It's time to go.
Guard Captain: Hands up, Owl Lady!
Luz: Eda! 
Guard Captain: Lock 'em up, and use the heavy-duty stuff this time. 
Steve: Hey, uh, your drink's gettin' warm.
King: You know, Steve, I always wanted to have power and command respect and fear! So, now that I kinda have all that, why does my stomach feel all... ugh?
Steve: Wants can change, so can people.
King: I don't want people to see me as a big scary monster anymore.
Steve: Me neither.
Lilith: Unhand him, you coven shill!
Lilith: Wait, Steve?
King: It's okay, it's okay! He's not a scout anymore! Did I read that right?
Steve: Mhm.
Lilith: Nevertheless. Let me shield you with my pitiful life, oh powerful-
King: Stop! I'm still King, King! Isn't this how you acted with the Emperor? I'm sensing a little bit of a pattern with you.
Steve: Hey, girl, I've been there! I can recommend a good therapist!
Hooty: HE'S TRICKING YOU! ATTACK PLAN ACTIVATED!
Guard Captain: An envoy from the castle is coming to collect the human. The Owl Lady is to be taken to the Conformatorium for petrification. A real one this time.
Eda: Why don't you just save yourself the trouble and put me down now.
Luz: You happy now? This way, neither of us can stop Belos.
Luz: Why couldn't you just let me help with your stupid plan?! Is it 'cause I'm a kid? Do you think I'm still that weak?! Well?!
Eda: It's because there is no plan, okay?!
Eda: Me and Lilith don't have magic and we don't have allies, we're useless. We have you and King. So, I was gonna do anything to make sure that you were safe. But now... it's all over.
Luz: Let go! Belos is a witch hunter! You, you have to listen! Ah!
Luz: Eda? Eda, can you hear me? I'll listen to you now, I'll do whatever you say, just fight back! Please! Eda! 
Luz: Where is she? Take me to Eda! If you touch a single feather on her head, I'll... I'll...
Eda: Luz, Luz! It's okay.
Darius: I'm going to set you down, please try not to bite anyone. 
Luz: What's going on? Who are these people?
King: Luz! 
Luz: King! 
Raine: So, you must be the famous human witch. Eda's been bragging about you for hours. I'm Raine.
Luz: Oh my gosh, I can't believe I'm actually meeting you in person! I heard all about you adventures with Eda, and how you became Head Witch of Bard Coven, where you're secretly a spy! A-And then you and Eda played that duet and, and then you got captured.
King: And your memories got all scram-jambled.
Raine: Actually, when Darius captured me, he was really protecting me.
Darius: I thought I was the only one who found this Day of Unity junk suspicious. When I heard Raine was causing trouble, I had a feeling they'd know more. You would've been locked away if it weren't for me.
Raine: And a little less bruised! You could've let me in on things before attacking me!
Darius: You're a horrible actor! I had to make it look real!
Raine: Ugh, this is just like Hexside.
Steve: Did you know of any of this stuff when you were in charge?
Lilith: I'm... starting to think I wasn't very good at my job.
Eda: Raine, why didn't you tell me anything? I could've helped.
Raine: Is it so unbelievable that I wanted to keep you safe? But, in typical Eda fashion, you're not gonna stop until you make things right.
Eda: I guess not.
Lilith: Things aren't hopeless! They have a plan to stop Belos and the Draining Spell!
Luz: Really? Wait, wait, before you get into that, please tell me you have a cool rebel name!
Raine: Actually, we do. Allow me to introduce... 
Darius: Wait, hold on.
Raine: The Covens Against the Throne...
Darius: We talked about this, you promised!
Raine: AKA...
Darius: I DID NOT AGREE TO THIS NAME!
Raine: The CATS! 
Luz: Everything's come full circle, baby!
King: Francois! 
Eda: Look what else is in here.
Luz: It's... palistrom wood.
Eda: I thought you'd wanna carve your palisman. What do you say? 
Luz: I shouldn't. The Day of Unity is in two days, I have to focus o-on stopping Belos, and--- 
Eda: You goob. Hey, this isn't all on you.
King: Yeah, we have teammates now. Meow, meow!
Luz: What if the palisman doesn't like me?
King: By my count, you've befriended more enemies than I have claws on my paw.
Eda: Plenty of witches would've ditched this rock already. But you keep learning and you keep fighting... what's not to like, huh?
Luz: Thanks, Eda. I think I'm ready to carve. Um, you're gonna show me how to do this, right?
Eda: Oh, duh. My dad taught me the ropes. Here, let's make sure we have some space. Lay the wood here...
King: Are you gonna carve me?
Eda: Calm down, King. Now, let's take it slow.
Eda: We've got all the time in the world.
