Luz: Alright, maybe it's this one!
Luz: Safe! Thanks, Eda. That was.. definitely not the one. 
Eda: Eugh. What are you doing out here?
Luz: I started going through Philip Wittebane's diary again. Since my trip with Lilith, I found out that a lot of his margin doodles were actually unfinished glyph combos. I thought maybe they could help with the portal door but... no luck.
Eda: Maybe it's for the best. I don't like that you're still thinking about that creep.
Luz: I know. I just miss my mom. 
Eda: Let's take a break, huh? Maybe... I could tell you... a story? 
Luz: Like a backstory kind of story?
Eda: Yes. 
Hooty: Hoooooot!
Eda: This is the story of how I met the coolest, baddest, kick-buttiest witch of all time: Raine Whispers.
Young Eda: Okay. Titan's five humors.
Young Lilith: Hmm... Earth, bone, blood, bile and, uh... I always forget the last one! It's on the tip of my tongue, it's...
Young Eda: It's... 
Young Lilith: Snakes...?
Young Eda: Breath! 
Young Lilith: Eda, you have smilk breath. Gross!
Young Lilith: Give me another question.
Young Eda: Alright, alright. On Scaburary 40th, the day Belos declared the Isles an empire... Think fast!
Young Lilith: Eda, we don't have time to play around. Tryouts for the Emperor's Coven are just around the corner.
Young Eda: Seven months isn't "just around the corner".
Young Lilith: Your turn. It's a half-moon, and you're mixing a leadfoot potion. What ratio of Blackroot Quills to Iron Ash do you use?
Young Eda: Is it a waning or a waxing moon? 
Young Lilith: Oh, uh, I-I don't think that matters.
Young Eda: Yeah, sure it does! I-If it's a waxing moon, it's a 2-to-1 mix, but if it's a waning moon, the Blackroot Quills lose their umph, and you gotta double down to a 4-to-1.
Young Lilith: You're correct. On both accounts. Huh. Imagine us both getting in. We'll train together.
Young Eda: We'll prank together. 
Young Lilith: We'll study ancient history together. 
Young Eda: We'll kick butt together!
Young Lilith: Help demons and witches together!
Young Eda: Take over the world together! Nothing can stop the Clawthorne sisters! Our rivals shall be crushed beneath our feet! Even the Titan shall gasp in fear!
Young Eda: Yeah. Like that.
Young Lilith: No! Look! We're gonna be late!
Young Eda: See? We're gonna be fine.
Principal Faust: Detention. Detention. Suspension! 
Vice Principal Bump: Principal Faust, don't you think you're judging these students a touch... harshly?
Principal Faust: Not at all. These students are already late to being early, and that's a slippery slope.
Vice Principal Bump: But if you keep expelling students, we won't have a graduating class.
Principal Faust: I'm just enforcing school policy.
Vice Principal Bump: That you added to. Y-You expelled the captain of our grudgby team because his shoes didn't meet your "appropriately squeaky" regulation.
Principal Faust: Too squeaky? A distraction. Too quiet? Can't hear them. Can't trust them. Some students are... irredeemable.
Vice Principal Bump: None of them are beyond redemption. I would stake my career on it.
Principal Faust: What is that thing?!
Vice Principal Bump: Ow, ow, ow!
Young Eda: Hey, Fausty. Vice Princey B.
Principal Faust: Miss Clawthorne? Do you know why I keep you around?
Young Eda: My innate talents? My unbeatable charm?
Principal Faust: No. Because to fight evil, you must understand evil. All your misdeeds, pranks, schemes, they have given me insight into the depravity that lurks within the minds of children.
Young Eda: Wow, this is really shocking. I thought there'd be more. Hmm.
Principal Faust: You're close with your sister, Lilith, I see. Plan on trying out for the Emperor's Coven, together? Commendable.
Young Eda: Yeah, I do kinda rule.
Principal Faust: Too bad you'll be ineligible... when I expel you!
Young Eda: What?! You can't do that, I'll be separated from Lily!
Principal Faust: Maybe you should've thought of that before you filled the detention pit with green gelatin. 
Young Eda: It was his birthday! He liked it! Please, Principal Faust, I'll do anything!
Vice Principal Bump: Uh, yes, sir?
Principal Faust: No child is beyond redemption. Didn't you stake your career on it? 
Principal Faust: Every year, Hexside participates in a special training program called Instructing Future Witches of Tomorrow. I attend with our most gifted students and we return with blue ribbons as a testament to my... I mean, our excellence. Unfortunately...
Vice Principal Bump: You expelled our most gifted student for chewing too loudly in the cafeteria.
Principal Faust: Disgusting monster. This year, you can represent Hexside. Bring back a blue ribbon, and you can remain a student here. Come back empty-handed, and I will savor the expulsion. And you'll go with her! If anything goes wrong, I might have to find a new vice principal.
Young Eda: I can't believe I agreed to this.
Vice Principal Bump: This will be fine, perfectly fine. You can go five minutes without setting anything on fire, right? I know you have a reputation around school, but I just see a talented young witch. And I'll wager those stories about you turning the school inside out are just urban legends.
Young Eda: That was a fun day. 
Vice Principal Bump: Let's try this. This is a stress toy. Anytime you feel the urge to cause chaos, just squeeze. Prepare yourself, Edalyn. The IFWOT is a battleground of magic and skill. Witches who successfully complete these courses have gone on to do incredible things. You will face some of the greatest competition here.
Young Eda: Hmph.
Glandus High student: Ugh!
Vice Principal Bump: Wow. I grossly misjudged the tone here.
Terra: Greetings, students, educators! My name is Terra Snapdragon, Head Witch of the Plant Coven! But today, I'm head proctor for the... IFWOT? Seriously?
Terra: I'm here to "Help Enhance Coven Know-how"! Welcome.. to HECK! Oh, this is my first year hosting, and I am thrilled. Today, you little sweet peas will go through your rigorous exercises that will enhance your intelligence, strength, and creativity. Are you excited?
Terra: Lovely! Remember, this won't be a bed of roses. Only the best of the best will be rewarded. The failures will be ground into mulch for my garden!
Terra: Illegal? Oh, we'll see about that, won't we, children? Let the activities begin! 
Instructor: Tell me, what makes the covens strong? Strength in numbers? A dark pact? Well, it is all of those things but also, trust. Trust in our fellow covenmates. So, we'll begin doing trust falls. Any volunteers?
Young Eda: Sounds easy enough. 
Instructor: Very good, very good. And this will be your partner. Now, you close your eyes, and trust that your covenmate will catch you.
Blob: Whoo! Hm?
Blob: Not again! 
Young Eda: Ta-da! I'm here all night, folks.
Young Eda: I never should've come here. Blech! Even the free junk is junk!
Young Raine: I don't know who you are, but you are a riot. 
Young Eda: Uh, no, I excel at functions such as these. Didn't you see how impressed everyone was when I faked my death? I even love the horrid liquids they serve.
Young Raine: Yeah, they always give us the off-brand junk. Let me try something. Don't worry, I didn't spit in it.
Young Eda: Whoa! Hey, that's actually good! How'd you change the flavor?
Young Raine: Little trick I taught myself: changing the chemistry of a liquid with sound waves. See, bard magic can be cool! People just don't give it a shot!
Young Eda: All right, I get it. If you whistle loud enough, can you make all this.. less of a drag?
Young Raine: I wish. This is my third time. Always the same boring activities, same boring faces. 
Young Eda: Till wittle ole me? 
Young Raine: Yeah. 
Young Eda: How'd you get those?!
Young Raine: Oh, these are from last year. Maybe if you stick with me, I'll show you how to get one of your own.
Young Eda: All right, I'm Eda Clawthorne. 
Young Raine: Raine Whispers. 
Young Eda: I wonder what I'll get a ribbon for. Strength. Wit. Radiance.
Young Raine: You'll get one for being a dingus!
Young Eda: Well, you're gonna get one for -- think fast! Why do you come here? You're not like the other kids. You're -- I don't know, you're cool. 
Young Raine: St. Epiderm isn't cheap. But if I make the school look good, I get a scholarship. What about you? 
Young Eda: Made a deal with the devil. Our principal's gonna expel me unless I come back with a ribbon.
Young Raine: Chance at redemption?
Young Eda: Nah, I think I'm being used to embarrass our vice principal. As if he doesn't do that to himself already.
Young Eda: It stinks, but, I've got a sister at Hexside. She's kind of my only friend. It'd be a bummer if that got taken away.
Young Raine: Well, you won't have to worry about that. After the closing ceremony, we're home free. 
Terra: Congratulations, students! It seems nearly everyone earned a ribbon. You must be so proud of yourselves.
Terra: Well, you shouldn't be. This training camp is a joke. There was nothing "challenging" about those challenges! And this... was the last straw!
Terra: Before we hand out any ribbons... I think we need one more activity.
Terra: We'll play my personal favorite game: Covens vs. Wilds. Look at your badges, and you'll see if you're a Coven Witch or a Wild Witch. Coven Witches, you have 20 minutes to capture every Wild Witch. If you succeed, everyone on your team gets a ribbon! Wild Witches, you may earn a ribbon... if you put on a good show. And to encourage your shrinking violets, I'll allow any use of magic! We're in HECK, people! Let's have some fun!
Terra: Ugh, I would've been such a good mom.
Cyclops demon girl: Don't move!
St. Epiderm student: Wait. She's one of us. Come with us. We've got a plan to catch all the Wild Witches.
Young Eda: I'm not goin' anywhere! This is crazy! That plant lady is off her gourd!
Cyclops demon girl: Don't you want a ribbon?
St. Epiderm student: My parents say if I don't come home with a ribbon, I better not come home at all. They're just watching out for my best interests.
Cyclops demon girl: So, I heard there's this one kid who's been coming here for years.
St. Epiderm student: Yeah, that's Raine, my classmate! Somehow they always have the best juice! And they don't share it with anyone!
Cyclops demon girl: I heard they're one of the strongest witches here. And they're a bard! Crazy, right?
Young Eda: Not really. Bard magic can be cool.
St. Epiderm student: If we take them out, the rest should be a breeze. You with us?
Young Eda: Uh...
Cyclops demon girl: We'll take that as a yes! 
Terra: Welcome, welcome. Oh, don't look so wilted. You've got great seats now. 
Vice Principal Bump: Uh, Miss Terra?
Terra: Head Witch Snapdragon, if you please. Enjoying the show?
Vice Principal Bump: Yes. Well, your show is actually in violation of several school rules, convention hall safety guidelines and child safety acts. I'm sure it's an honest mistakes so why don't we just stop this activity and-- 
Terra: I make the rules, sweet pea. Oh, looks like there's only one crafty little Wild Witch left! Will the Covens win? Or the sprout?
Cyclops demon girl: That must be the bard.
St. Epiderm student: We'll surprise them.
Cyclops demon girl: We got ya now.
St. Epiderm student: For the Covens! 
Young Raine: Huh?
St. Epiderm student: What are you doing?! 
Terra: An interesting development? A showdown, perhaps? Let's give them plenty of room to fight!
Terra: Never a rose without a few thorns, I see.
Young Eda: Yeah, well, we got tired of your stupid little challenge.
Young Raine: And your plant puns!
Terra: Delightful! Feisty witches do make the best leaders! I especially like you, sprout. But... I can't reward disobedience. So, everyone is poisoned! That's illegal too? Ugh! Fine. Instead, no one gets a ribbon this year, everyone loses!
Young Eda: I hope this was worth it.
Young Raine: Actually...
Vice Principal Bump: Eda! I am so proud of you! But also, I think we're toast. My career is over, and you'll probably be expelled and end up selling garbage at the Night Market but, what a way to go! 
Terra: Pardon me. Expelled? Is Fausty still playing more of his little games? No. Budding prodigies like Miss Clawthorne need to be nourished. I'll let him know I was quite impressed... with both of you. 
Young Eda: Lily! I finally caught you. I never got to tell you about that weird training thing over the weekend.
Young Lilith: Uh-huh.
Young Eda: I was horrified. If I lost, I was gonna get expelled and then we wouldn't be able to-- 
Young Lilith: Ah, shoot! Sorry, Edalyn, gotta go. E.C. study group is meeting. We can... talk later?
Young Eda: Go. Go, go, go, don't be late. 
Young Eda: Blech! Ugh. 
Unknown student: Trade?
Young Eda: Huh? Raine?! What are you doing here? Oh- oh no, your scholarship!
Young Raine: Don't worry. I wanted to transfer out of Epiderm anyway. And apparently, my parents always hated the cold on the Knee. So? 
Young Raine: Okay, Eda. Give me the run down on this place. Blech!
Young Eda: Oh, you'll love it. It's got all the secrets. And since Terra spoke to Principal Faust, I can get away with pretty much anything! Mm! I've never had Apple Blood before, this stuff is good!
Eda: And after that, we were inseparable.
Eda: Raine, you better be okay.
Terra: Ah! There, you are sprout. You know, I was just heartbroken when I found out it was you, of all people, causing trouble for the covens. But look how well you're doing now.
Raine: I just wish these headaches would go away.
Terra: Keep drinking your tea, and you'll forget all about the pain.
Terra: Have a good night, Raine. 
Raine: A draining spell? This is worse than we thought. Any way to counter?
Raine: I told you, I'm not putting her in danger again. We'll figure something else out.
Raine: I'll keep you safe, Eda. I promise.
