King: The Boiling Isles, born from the flesh and bones of a fallen Titan. This original magic was so potent, all life on the Isles evolved to wield magic too. For years, we explored those power freely. Until, a mysterious witch appeared who declared that he, and he alone, could speak to the island. He said that we were using magic all wrong. His teachings took hold, his strength grew, and he became... Emperor Belos. Belos said that mixing magic was wrong, that only he had that right. So he created the coven system. And there, our knowledge was restricted, and our potential sealed away. Those who resist are called wild witches, and they face harsh punishment. Emperor Belos has since retreated into his castle. There are whispers that say he's planning something big.
King: I wonder if catching Eda was part of his big plan. What do you think, Luz? Luz?
Luz: I don't care what Belos is up to... because today, I'm saving Eda!
King: Luz, what are you doing?
Luz: This is serious, King. Eda used her power to save me and got caught by Lilith. Now she's the Owl Beast and is being taken before the Emperor! I don't know what he's planning to do with Eda, but I'm going to rescue her.
King: Haven't you been listening to me? He's the Emperor! He's the most powerful witch alive!
Luz: King, please try to understand. Eda is in this situation because of me. Because of my stupid choice. I have to make up for it.
King: But she's in her Owl Beast form! How will she even recognize you?
Luz: I don't know. But I have to try anyway.
King: Well then, I'm going too.
Luz: King...
King: Me and Eda don't always see eye-to-eye, but I do consider her family. I want her back as much as you do.
Luz: Alright. Then we've got no time to lose! 
King: Nyeh!
Lilith: Eda, stop that this instant!
Lilith: Don't look at me like that. This is for your own good. Emperor Belos will heal you, and we'll be in his coven together. Isn't that wonderful?
Lilith: I will not fall prey to your childish games. 
Kikimora: All kneel before Emperor Belos!
Lilith: Eda, no!
Lilith: My Lord, I apologize for my sister's rash behavior. She is still in her cursed form. Once you've healed her, as promised, I am sure she will become a useful asset to the coven!
Beast Eda: Ah. Where am I? What is this? Aw farts, I got caught.
Emperor Belos: Edalyn Clawthorne, the infamous Owl Lady, the wild witch of Bonesborough. Mentor of Luz the Human.
Beast Eda: You stay away from her, or so help me, Titan...
Emperor Belos: You've got it all wrong. The human is safe, for now. I just want the portal she came through.
Beast Eda: Tough, 'cause I ain't telling you nothing!
Emperor Belos: Ugh, pity. Although I suppose I could ask the human herself.
Beast Eda: Wait! Don't touch her! Lilith, don't let him hurt her! Lilith!
Lilith: Ah, taking her to the healing ceremony?
Emperor Belos: I will not be healing her.
Lilith: But, you, promised me.
Emperor Belos: Don't be so naïve, Lilith. This is the Titan's will. All wild witches must be dealt with with before the Day of Unity. You understand, don't you?
Lilith: Of course...
Emperor Belos: Good. Oh, one more thing.
Emperor Belos: Destroy the Owl Lady's staff. She won't be needing it anymore.
Perry: Perry Porter coming to you live from outside the Emperor's Castle. Edalyn Clawthorne, known commonly as "Eda the Owl Lady", has been captured and has been brought before the Emperor.
Kikimora: For the crime of attacking a coven leader and refusing to join a coven, Edalyn Clawthorne's body shall be petrified in stone! Today, sundown, at the Conformatorium.
Gus: Willow! Are you watching?
Willow: Yes. We have to do something.
Perry: Today is a grave day for Bonesborough.
Luz: Please tell me that's not as bad as it sounds.
King: Petrification is only done to the worst criminals, and once the spell is complete, it can't be reversed.
Luz: Lilith. She cursed Eda. She captured her own sister! She is the worst! If I ever see her again!
King: Luz, calm down. We need to think about saving Eda first!
Luz: You're right, but how will we get to the Conformatorium in time?
King: We'll have to do something so diabolical, so criminally insane, that they'll have to send us to the Conformatorium.
Luz: Hey!
Guard: Hm?
Luz and King: Whaaa?
Luz: Yep.
Luz: Perfect plan.
King: There's not gonna be a new statue going up today. Right, Luz? Luz?
Guard: Sir, the Owl Lady's human student has been apprehended.
Warden Wrath: Very good. Ah, Luz the Human. How I've waited to see you again. Now I'll have my revenge and you'll have front row seats to Eda's demise.
Emperor's Coven Guard: Huh?
Luz: Where's Eda?
Warden Wrath: She's in the holding cell in the dungeon.
Luz: Draw me a map!
Member 1: Do you really think Eda deserves a petrification?
Member 2: I don't know. This is all happening so fast.
Willow: If we know anything about Luz, she's going to be here trying to save Eda.
Gus: And we'll be here to save her when she needs us!
Willow: Let's split up and find her!
Kikimora: Fools! You let the human escape! And you drew her a map?
Lilith: Worry not, Kikimora. I shall capture the human.
Luz: King, watch the door.
King: Weh.
Luz: Eda? Eda!
Luz: Eda, wait! It's me! It's me.
Beast Eda: Luz? Oh no. Oh no, no, no, no, no, wh-what are you doing here?
Luz: It's okay Eda, I'm here to save you.
Beast Eda: Your magic isn't strong enough for this. You need to leave! Now.
Luz: But, but I can't! It's my fault you needed to save me. It's my fault you got captured.
Beast Eda: No. Listen to me. I'm here because of my own actions. I went against Belos's law, and for a while I was able to get away with it. But, well without magic, I can't do much. I don't regret anything. I lived freely and... I got to meet you.
Luz: Eda...
Beast Eda: But if you stay here, I won't be able to protect you. You need to leave. Now!
Luz: But we're a family! Us weirdos have to stick together, remember?
Beast Eda: You have a family already. Go back to them. And when you're home, use your fire magic to destroy the portal door. I don't know why Belos wants it, but we can't take any chances.
Luz: I love you, Eda.
Beast Eda: I love you too, kiddo.
Beast Eda: Luz, get away!
Luz: No! Not yet!
Beast Eda: I'm sorry. Goodbye, Luz.
Luz: Eda!
Lilith: Drat!
King: Let me go!
Lilith: I'm too late, at least I found you, human.
Luz: You. You hurt Eda. You put her in chains. And now, I will take you down! 
Lilith: I just wanna talk!
Luz: Talk to the glyph, witch!
Lilith: Ah, stop! What is wrong with you?
King: Luz! 
King: Luz, watch out! 
Luz: Fire! What?
Lilith: Please, just listen to me!
Luz: No way! You deserve to be petrified! Not Eda!
Lilith: You're right. I deserve to be in Edalyn's place.
Luz: Why did you do all this?
Lilith: When Edalyn and I were younger, we were, the best of friends.
Young Lilith: With this spell declared, let the pain be shared.
Lilith: Being in the Emperor's Coven was my dream. I wanted to work alongside the most powerful witch on the Isles and make the world a better place.
Lilith: Eda wanted to be with me, but there was a problem.
Emperor's Coven delegate: One spot is available. You duel tomorrow. The winner will join our ranks.
Lilith: I knew Edalyn would beat me. She was younger, but worked twice as hard. She met me at my level.
Lilith: Emperor Belos always said, "To be great, you have to make sacrifices." What would he do in my situation? I found a spell that would take away her powers.
Lilith: I thought it would just be for a day.
Teen Eda: No!
Teen Eda: I refuse to battle my sister. I've decided that covens aren't really my style. Hey, don't forget me when you're a big shot, sis.
Lilith: And as Edalyn walked away...
Crowd Member: What is that?!
Crowd Member #2: That girl is a monster!
Crowd Member #3: Get out! Go!
Teen Lilith: Edalyn!
Emperor's Coven delegate: Lilith Clawthrone, we welcome you to the Emperor's coven!
Lilith: I made my sacrifice for the emperor, and it was time to receive my reward.
Lilith: I've been pursuing Edalyn because if she joined the Emperor's Coven, Emperor Belos told me he would heal her curse. But he lied to me. I know how to rescue Edalyn, but I can't do it alone.
Luz: How do I know I can trust you?
Luz: Owlbert! You're okay.
Luz: All right, Lilith. I don't like your whole, deal, but... we need your help to save Eda.
Lilith: Thank you.
King: Weh?
Lilith: Now, lets head back.
King: Hey Luz, You... need a minute?
Luz: No. I'm coming.
Willow: I don't see Luz anywhere
Gus: Do you think she got caught?
Perry: Well folks, Eda the Owl Lady has appeared on stage, which means the petrification process is about to begin.
Lilith: You can take this up to the stage where they're holding Edalyn.
Luz: Thank you, Lilith. What will you do now?
Lilith: I will stay in the Emperor's coven, but I will make sure nothing like this ever happen again.
Luz: That's good to hear. Wait, why are there no guards around?
Luz: Lilith!
Luz: King!
Emperor Belos: Ah, Lilith. You chose the wrong side.
Luz: No!
Emperor Belos: Ah puh-puh. I'd actually like to have a word with you, human.
Lilith: Hello, Edalyn.
Beast Eda: Lilith. You hurt Luz. You cursed me. Before anything turns me to stone, I'll tear you apart. 
King: No, don't!
King: She was trying to help. She even betrayed the Emperor for you!
Beast Eda: What?
Lilith: If I knew something like this would happen, Edalyn, I—
Willow: We gotta do something.
Perry: And in a shocking turn of events, head Coven leader Lilith is now in the holding cage. Escorted by what appears to be a deranged cat.
Perry: Augustus? I'm live!
Gus: Dad, you have to stop!
Willow: Yeah. What's happening to Eda isn't right. She might not always follow the rules, but she hasn't done anything worthy of a petrification!
Eye-Eating Prisoner: She helped me escape jail.
Morton: She helps me stay in business!
Principal Bump: She helped me love teaching again... after she left.
Willow: The Emperor should let Eda go.
Gus: Let Eda go!
Crowd: Let Eda go! Let Eda go! Let Eda go! Let Eda go!
Luz: Let my friends go, or else!
Emperor Belos: Okay. I'll play.
Emperor Belos: What's wrong, human? I thought you wanted to fight.
Luz: Huh? Ah!
Emperor Belos: Had enough?
Luz: Not even close. 
Emperor Belos: I like your spirit. But try that again and things won't end well for you.
Emperor Belos: Now, I'm just a humble messenger for the Titan. In the grand scheme of things, the Owl Lady's life is inconsequential. But then you showed up. If you want to save your mentor, give me the portal to the human realm.
Luz: But... my home.
Lilith: Edalyn!
Emperor Belos: You probably think we want to invade the human realm, but the Titan's will is not so boarish. You'll understand soon. Tick tock, human. The Owl Lady doesn't have much time left.
Luz: No! Fine! Lo siento, Mamá. Here, it's yours.
Emperor Belos: The Titan will be pleased.
Emperor Belos: Go on then. Go be a hero.
Luz: I may have lost, but so have you.
King: Wh—what do we do?!
Lilith: The spell wasn't completed! Maybe I can help her fight it! 
Kikimora: No! What is happening?
Luz: Free them, now!
Luz: Eda! Are you okay?
Beast Eda: As good as I'll ever be.
Beast Eda: Let's fly.
Kikimora: My liege!
Emperor Belos: Children of the Isles. The Titan has told me to spare the Owl Lady's life, but in return, her curse will strip away all her powers. Let her monstrous form be a lesson about the dangers of wild magic.
Luz: Don't worry, Eda. I'll run and get you some elixir and—
Lilith: No, human. No amount of elixir can heal her now. Oh, sister. I should have done this a long time ago. With this spell declared, let the pain be shared.
Luz: Eda!
Luz: Can you still do magic?
Eda: That's a no. It'll take some time to get used to this.
Lilith: I feel that I've been weakened as well.
Luz: It's okay. I can teach you what I know, and what we don't know, we can learn together.
Eda: Thanks, kid. I look forward to that.
Luz: And that's how we escaped from the Emperor.
Luz: Everyone told me he was the most powerful witch alive.
Luz: But look at this, Mom. I chipped off a piece of his mask! I know he's not invincible now. It's a strange feeling, having gone through so much and, not having you here to share it with. And I don't know when or how I'm gonna see you again. But I will find my way home to you. I promise. Deja una luz puesta para mí. Te quiero.
Kikimora: Sire, those miscreants are still at large. Please, allow me to capture them.
Emperor Belos: Worry not, Kiki. We'll be keeping an eye on the inhabitants of the Owl House.
Emperor Belos: In the meantime, the Day of Unity is almost upon us...
Emperor Belos: ...and we have much work to do.
